docs: add trace attribute propagation (#2240)
langfuse/langfuse-docs: pages/docs/observability/sdk/python/instrumentation.mdx

| Parameter    | Type                  | Description                                                      | Recommended Method |
| :----------- | :-------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------- |
| `name`       | `Optional[str]`       | Name for the trace.                                              | `update_trace()` |
| `user_id`    | `Optional[str]`       | ID of the user associated with this trace.                       | `propagate_attributes()` |
| `session_id` | `Optional[str]`       | Session identifier for grouping related traces.                  | `propagate_attributes()` |
| `version`    | `Optional[str]`       | Version of your application/service for this trace.              | `propagate_attributes()` |
| `input`      | `Optional[Any]`       | Overall input for the entire trace.                              | `update_trace()` |
| `output`     | `Optional[Any]`       | Overall output for the entire trace.                             | `update_trace()` |
| `metadata`   | `Optional[Any]`       | Additional metadata for the trace.                               | `propagate_attributes()` |

> | `tags`       | `Optional[List[str]]` | List of tags to categorize the trace.                            | `update_trace()` |

Reviewer: We'll also move this to the propagate_attributes(). I think same for `public`. Non-blocking for now, but should follow soonish.

        metadata={"experiment": "variant_a", "env": "prod"},
        version="1.0"
    ):
        # All spans created here inherit these attributes
        with langfuse.start_as_current_generation(
            name="llm-call",
            model="gpt-4o"
        ) as gen:
            # This generation automatically has user_id, session_id, metadata, version
            pass
```

</Tab>
<Tab title="With @observe Decorator">

```python /propagate_attributes/
from langfuse import observe, propagate_attributes

@observe()
def my_llm_pipeline(user_id: str, session_id: str):
    # Propagate early in the trace
    with propagate_attributes(
        user_id=user_id,
        session_id=session_id,
        metadata={"pipeline": "main"}
    ):
        # All nested @observe functions inherit these attributes
        result = call_llm()
        return result

@observe()
def call_llm():
    # This automatically has user_id, session_id, metadata from parent
    pass
```

</Tab>
</Tabs>

<Callout type="warning">
  **Important Timing:** Call `propagate_attributes()` as early as possible in
  your trace. Only the currently active observation and observations created after entering

>   this context will have these attributes. Pre-existing observations will NOT be

Reviewer: I believe taking the OTel term here might be more intuitive. No strong opinion.
```suggestion
  this context will have these attributes. Parent observations will NOT be
```

  updated.
</Callout>

**Attribute Restrictions:**

- **Values**: Must be strings ≤200 characters
- **Metadata Keys**: Alphanumeric characters only (no whitespace or special characters)
- **Metadata Values**: Same as other values (strings, ≤200 chars)
- Invalid values are dropped with a warning logged

**Propagatable Attributes:**

- `user_id` - User identifier
- `session_id` - Session identifier
- `metadata` - Key-value metadata (both keys and values must be strings)
- `version` - Version identifier
- `tags` - List of tag strings

**Non-Propagatable Attributes** (use `update_trace()` instead):

- `name` - Trace name
- `input` / `output` - Trace input/output

> - `public` - Public visibility flag

Reviewer 2: This is basically "when to use what". I would do this at the very top where we describe the three available trace update options.

        langfuse.update_current_trace(output={"final_status": "success"}, public=True)
```

<Callout type="info">

> **Note:** For `user_id`, `session_id`, `metadata`, and `version`, consider using `propagate_attributes()` (see below) to ensure these attributes are applied to **all spans**, not just the trace object.

Reviewer 3: unclear why I would want this

</Callout>

### Propagating Trace Attributes

> For certain trace attributes (`user_id`, `session_id`, `metadata`, `version`), you may want them to be automatically applied to **all spans** created within a trace, not just the trace object itself. This is important because Langfuse aggregation queries (e.g., filtering by user_id, calculating costs by session_id) will soon operate on individual spans/observations.

Reviewer 3: Shall we call them trace attributes or attributes (no trace prefix)?

I think the sentence regarding soon is a bit unspecific without context but ok if we keep this here briefly before updating all of it when we are in a new consisten state
